README.md, before:

About sdrplay_api-feedstock
===========================

Feedstock license: [BSD-3-Clause](https://github.com/conda-forge/sdrplay_api-feedstock/blob/main/LICENSE.txt)

Home: https://www.sdrplay.com/api/

Package license: LicenseRef-SDRplay-End-User-License-Agreement

Summary: Redistribution of the SDRplay API binaries

The SDRplay API binaries, redistributed here for use in building dependent
software within the conda ecosystem. The copyright to these files is owned
by SDRplay, and redistribution and use are governed by the included license.
To quote the license:
> "By proceeding to install, run and/or use the [SDRplay software], you confirm that you accept and agree to be bound by the terms of this Licence. If you do not agree to any of the terms of this Licence, SDRplay is unwilling to provide access to the [SDRplay software] to you and you should not proceed further and may not use the [SDRplay software]."


Current build status
====================


<table>
</table>

Current release info
====================

| Name | Downloads | Version | Platforms |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [![Conda Recipe](https://img.shields.io/badge/recipe-sdrplay_api-green.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/sdrplay_api) | [![Conda Downloads](https://img.shields.io/conda/dn/conda-forge/sdrplay_api.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/sdrplay_api) | [![Conda Version](https://img.shields.io/conda/vn/conda-forge/sdrplay_api.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/sdrplay_api) | [![Conda Platforms](https://img.shields.io/conda/pn/conda-forge/sdrplay_api.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/sdrplay_api) |

Installing sdrplay_api
======================

Installing `sdrplay_api` from the `conda-forge` channel can be achieved by adding `conda-forge` to your channels with:

```
conda config --add channels conda-forge
conda config --set channel_priority strict
```

Once the `conda-forge` channel has been enabled, `sdrplay_api` can be installed with `conda`:

```
conda install sdrplay_api
```

or with `mamba`:

```
mamba install sdrplay_api
```

It is possible to list all of the versions of `sdrplay_api` available on your platform with `conda`:

```
conda search sdrplay_api --channel conda-forge
```

or with `mamba`:

```
mamba search sdrplay_api --channel conda-forge
```

Alternatively, `mamba repoquery` may provide more information:

```
# Search all versions available on your platform:
mamba repoquery search sdrplay_api --channel conda-forge

# List packages depending on `sdrplay_api`:
mamba repoquery whoneeds sdrplay_api --channel conda-forge

# List dependencies of `sdrplay_api`:
mamba repoquery depends sdrplay_api --channel conda-forge
```


About conda-forge
=================

[![Powered by
NumFOCUS](https://img.shields.io/badge/powered%20by-NumFOCUS-orange.svg?style=flat&colorA=E1523D&colorB=007D8A)](https://numfocus.org)

conda-forge is a community-led conda channel of installable packages.
In order to provide high-quality builds, the process has been automated into the
conda-forge GitHub organization. The conda-forge organization contains one repository
for each of the installable packages. Such a repository is known as a *feedstock*.

A feedstock is made up of a conda recipe (the instructions on what and how to build
the package) and the necessary configurations for automatic building using freely
available continuous integration services. Thanks to the awesome service provided by
[Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/devops/), [GitHub](https://github.com/),
[CircleCI](https://circleci.com/), [AppVeyor](https://www.appveyor.com/),
[Drone](https://cloud.drone.io/welcome), and [TravisCI](https://travis-ci.com/)
it is possible to build and upload installable packages to the
[conda-forge](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge) [Anaconda-Cloud](https://anaconda.org/)
channel for Linux, Windows and OSX respectively.

To manage the continuous integration and simplify feedstock maintenance
[conda-smithy](https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-smithy) has been developed.
Using the ``conda-forge.yml`` within this repository, it is possible to re-render all of
this feedstock's supporting files (e.g. the CI configuration files) with ``conda smithy rerender``.

For more information please check the [conda-forge documentation](https://conda-forge.org/docs/).

Terminology
===========

**feedstock** - the conda recipe (raw material), supporting scripts and CI configuration.

**conda-smithy** - the tool which helps orchestrate the feedstock.
                   Its primary use is in the construction of the CI ``.yml`` files
                   and simplify the management of *many* feedstocks.

**conda-forge** - the place where the feedstock and smithy live and work to
                  produce the finished article (built conda distributions)


Updating sdrplay_api-feedstock
==============================

If you would like to improve the sdrplay_api recipe or build a new
package version, please fork this repository and submit a PR. Upon submission,
your changes will be run on the appropriate platforms to give the reviewer an
opportunity to confirm that the changes result in a successful build. Once
merged, the recipe will be re-built and uploaded automatically to the
`conda-forge` channel, whereupon the built conda packages will be available for
everybody to install and use from the `conda-forge` channel.
Note that all branches in the conda-forge/sdrplay_api-feedstock are
immediately built and any created packages are uploaded, so PRs should be based
on branches in forks and branches in the main repository should only be used to
build distinct package versions.

In order to produce a uniquely identifiable distribution:
 * If the version of a package **is not** being increased, please add or increase
   the [``build/number``](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda-build/en/latest/resources/define-metadata.html#build-number-and-string).
 * If the version of a package **is** being increased, please remember to return
   the [``build/number``](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda-build/en/latest/resources/define-metadata.html#build-number-and-string)
   back to 0.

Feedstock Maintainers
=====================

* [@ryanvolz](https://github.com/ryanvolz/)

Commit message:

MNT: Re-rendered with conda-build 3.24.0, conda-smithy 3.25.1, and conda-forge-pinning 2023.09.13.19.41.36

README.md, after:

About sdrplay_api-feedstock
===========================

Feedstock license: [BSD-3-Clause](https://github.com/conda-forge/sdrplay_api-feedstock/blob/main/LICENSE.txt)

Home: https://www.sdrplay.com/api/

Package license: LicenseRef-SDRplay-End-User-License-Agreement

Summary: Script for downloading the SDRplay API binaries

This package contains a conda activation script that will download the SDRplay API binaries to a local directory under a specified path.
To use this package in a normal conda environment, do the following:

    export CONDA_BUILD_SDRPLAY_API=/opt

(or use another suitable path instead of `/opt`).
To use this package in a conda-build environment, add the following to the `conda_build_config.yaml` file in your user's HOME directory, the current working directory, or in the same folder as the recipe's `meta.yaml` file:

    CONDA_BUILD_SDRPLAY_API:
      - "/opt"

(or use another suitable path instead of `/opt`).
By setting this variable, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions of the SDRplay end user license agreement. For reference, this license is included in the package and installed to `$CONDA_PREFIX/share/doc/sdrplay_api/copyright`.


Current build status
====================


<table>
</table>

Current release info
====================

| Name | Downloads | Version | Platforms |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [![Conda Recipe](https://img.shields.io/badge/recipe-sdrplay_api-green.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/sdrplay_api) | [![Conda Downloads](https://img.shields.io/conda/dn/conda-forge/sdrplay_api.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/sdrplay_api) | [![Conda Version](https://img.shields.io/conda/vn/conda-forge/sdrplay_api.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/sdrplay_api) | [![Conda Platforms](https://img.shields.io/conda/pn/conda-forge/sdrplay_api.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/sdrplay_api) |

Installing sdrplay_api
======================

Installing `sdrplay_api` from the `conda-forge` channel can be achieved by adding `conda-forge` to your channels with:

```
conda config --add channels conda-forge
conda config --set channel_priority strict
```

Once the `conda-forge` channel has been enabled, `sdrplay_api` can be installed with `conda`:

```
conda install sdrplay_api
```

or with `mamba`:

```
mamba install sdrplay_api
```

It is possible to list all of the versions of `sdrplay_api` available on your platform with `conda`:

```
conda search sdrplay_api --channel conda-forge
```

or with `mamba`:

```
mamba search sdrplay_api --channel conda-forge
```

Alternatively, `mamba repoquery` may provide more information:

```
# Search all versions available on your platform:
mamba repoquery search sdrplay_api --channel conda-forge

# List packages depending on `sdrplay_api`:
mamba repoquery whoneeds sdrplay_api --channel conda-forge

# List dependencies of `sdrplay_api`:
mamba repoquery depends sdrplay_api --channel conda-forge
```


About conda-forge
=================

[![Powered by
NumFOCUS](https://img.shields.io/badge/powered%20by-NumFOCUS-orange.svg?style=flat&colorA=E1523D&colorB=007D8A)](https://numfocus.org)

conda-forge is a community-led conda channel of installable packages.
In order to provide high-quality builds, the process has been automated into the
conda-forge GitHub organization. The conda-forge organization contains one repository
for each of the installable packages. Such a repository is known as a *feedstock*.

A feedstock is made up of a conda recipe (the instructions on what and how to build
the package) and the necessary configurations for automatic building using freely
available continuous integration services. Thanks to the awesome service provided by
[Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/devops/), [GitHub](https://github.com/),
[CircleCI](https://circleci.com/), [AppVeyor](https://www.appveyor.com/),
[Drone](https://cloud.drone.io/welcome), and [TravisCI](https://travis-ci.com/)
it is possible to build and upload installable packages to the
[conda-forge](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge) [Anaconda-Cloud](https://anaconda.org/)
channel for Linux, Windows and OSX respectively.

To manage the continuous integration and simplify feedstock maintenance
[conda-smithy](https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-smithy) has been developed.
Using the ``conda-forge.yml`` within this repository, it is possible to re-render all of
this feedstock's supporting files (e.g. the CI configuration files) with ``conda smithy rerender``.

For more information please check the [conda-forge documentation](https://conda-forge.org/docs/).

Terminology
===========

**feedstock** - the conda recipe (raw material), supporting scripts and CI configuration.

**conda-smithy** - the tool which helps orchestrate the feedstock.
                   Its primary use is in the construction of the CI ``.yml`` files
                   and simplify the management of *many* feedstocks.

**conda-forge** - the place where the feedstock and smithy live and work to
                  produce the finished article (built conda distributions)


Updating sdrplay_api-feedstock
==============================

If you would like to improve the sdrplay_api recipe or build a new
package version, please fork this repository and submit a PR. Upon submission,
your changes will be run on the appropriate platforms to give the reviewer an
opportunity to confirm that the changes result in a successful build. Once
merged, the recipe will be re-built and uploaded automatically to the
`conda-forge` channel, whereupon the built conda packages will be available for
everybody to install and use from the `conda-forge` channel.
Note that all branches in the conda-forge/sdrplay_api-feedstock are
immediately built and any created packages are uploaded, so PRs should be based
on branches in forks and branches in the main repository should only be used to
build distinct package versions.

In order to produce a uniquely identifiable distribution:
 * If the version of a package **is not** being increased, please add or increase
   the [``build/number``](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda-build/en/latest/resources/define-metadata.html#build-number-and-string).
 * If the version of a package **is** being increased, please remember to return
   the [``build/number``](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda-build/en/latest/resources/define-metadata.html#build-number-and-string)
   back to 0.

Feedstock Maintainers
=====================

* [@ryanvolz](https://github.com/ryanvolz/)
